nping: add page (#10344)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nping.md

# nping

> > Network packet generation tool / ping utility.
> > More information: <https://nmap.org/nping/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Network packet generation tool/ping utility.
> More information: <https://nmap.org/nping>.
```

Author: I will change. But that's what it said in the man page.
```
NAME
       nping - Network packet generation tool / ping utility
```

Reviewer: > But that's what it said in the man page.
> 
> ```
> NAME
>        nping - Network packet generation tool / ping utility
> ```

That is fine there because the man page is formatted in Groff whereas we follow Common Mark (Markdown) in tldr so I I don't think the space is necessary (as we don't do the same in other English pages).

Author: So there are several English writing styles for computer documentation? I never stop learning.

> - ICMP ping if the user is allowed to, otherwise TCP ping to a specific host:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ping the specified host using ICMP if the user is allowed to, otherwise using TCP:
```

`nping {{example.com}}`

> - ICMP ping to a specific host assuming that the user is allowed to do so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ping the specified host using ICMP assuming that the user is allowed to do so:
```

> - Ping a specified host using ICMP assuming that the user is allowed to do so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ping a specified host using ICMP (assuming the user is allowed to do so):
```
How about this?

Author: By "assume" in this case it is meant that nping should assume and execute this command anyway, even if it is not root and actually not allowed to. If you put it in brackets, doesn't it sound like you are only allowed to execute the command if the user is allowed to? Or does that seem wrong to me?

Reviewer: Just now read the man page.

Ref. `--privileged (Assume that the user is fully privileged)`

How about this?

```suggestion
- Ping a specified host using ICMP (assuming that the user is fully privileged):
```

`nping --icmp --privileged {{example.com}}`

> - UDP ping to a specific host:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ping the specified host using UDP:
```

`nping --udp {{example.com}}`

> - TCP ping on a specific port:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ping the specified host on a given port using TCP:
```

`nping --tcp --dest-port {{443}} {{example.com}}`

> - Ping a certain number:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ping a certain number of times:
```

`nping --count {{10}} {{example.com}}`

> - Wait a certain time between each ping:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Wait a certain amount of time between each ping:
```

`nping --delay {{5s}} {{example.com}}`

> - Send the request over a specified interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Send the request over the specified interface:
```

Author: Why "the" and not "a"? "the" refers to a specific thing, doesn't it? And "a" would be an indefinite thing and here it is irrelevant which host is pinged.

In the case of `nc` or `ping`, "a" rather than "the" was used, wasn't it?

Reviewer 2: "the specifi***ed*** host" refers to a specific host (the one that the user has specified). That's why "the" should be used.

`nc`:
> Listen on ***a specified*** TCP port and print any data received

This example is the same, it refers to a specific thing. That's why the definite article should be used. "the specified" sounds a lot better to me, but maybe it's just me.

`ping`:
> Ping a host only ***a specific*** number of times

Here, "a specific" refers to any host that could be specified by the user, hence the "a".

So, you should either use "a specific" or "the specified". Or at least that's how I see it, I may be wrong. Let's wait for other maintainers.

---

"the specified" is more frequently used though. I ran `rg` on the tldr repository:
```bash
$ rg -l " a specified " | wc -l
151

$ rg -l " the specified " | wc -l
282
```
And "a specific" is even more frequent:
```bash
$ rg -l " a specific " | wc -l
1021
```

Reviewer: We do use both `the` and `a` along with specific/specified in tldr. Here, I think `a` would align better with other examples.

`nping --interface {{eth0}} {{example.com}}`

> - Ping to a specific host with the Evil bit set in the IPv4 header:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the Reserved / Evil bit in sent packets:
```

> - Set the Reserved / Evil bit in sent packets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the Reserved/Evil bit in sent packets:
```

Author: ```
$tldr nmap

  nmap

  Network exploration tool and security / port scanner.
```
Also blanks spaces.
